You suddenly want to stay together for me,
Did you think of something recently?
If you can't remember the past in this life,
I've been waiting for you for three years.
In fact, you know my memory,
I thought I would keep waiting,
We entered Shunli Chengzhang,
Back to my old life, but now I regret it,
I don't want to fight anymore,
Let's be together again. Maybe before my career,
We are indeed lovers,
However, after these three years of getting along,
you to me,
Special effects are brothers, not lovers.
Then let's abandon everything and start over as lovers, okay?
I saw Xiaosheng running away. Today is a hospital.
Don't take me home, I can't get in, right?